c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll.config
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.pdb
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.dll
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.pdb
c:\users\yazilim.stajyer3\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll.config
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.pdb
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.dll
\\BTA10783\Users\abdullah.cakir\Desktop\PublishControl\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.pdb
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll.config
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.pdb
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.dll
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.pdb
C:\Users\yazilim.stajyer3\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll.config
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\ProjectsContainer.pdb
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.dll
C:\Users\muham\Desktop\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\ProjectsContainer\obj\Release\ProjectsContainer.pdb
